Add FAQ about loading multiple writeKeys for iOS (#6142)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/ios/ios-faqs.md

If you choose not to use a dependency manager, you must manually keep files up-to-date with regularly scheduled, manual updates.

## Can I initiate multiple `writeKey`s for a single iOS project?

> No, we don't support sending events to multiple `writeKey`s for a single iOS project post-initialization. You can conditionally set the `writeKey` based on an environment variable. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, Segment doesn't support sending events to multiple `writeKey`s for a single iOS project post-initialization. You can conditionally set the `writeKey` based on an environment variable. For example:
```
